Update docs (#10)
2i2c-org/hub-user-image-template: README.md

* uncomment the `IMAGE_NAME` option
* replace `<quay-username>/<repository-name>` with the info of the `quay.io` repository created at step 2
* commit the changes you've made to `build.yaml`

#### Enable quay.io image push for [test.yaml](https://github.com/2i2c-org/hub-user-image-template/blob/MAIN/.github/workflows/test.yaml)

The [test.yaml](https://github.com/2i2c-org/hub-user-image-template/blob/MAIN/.github/workflows/test.yaml) workflow builds the container image on pull requests. It can also push it to quay.io **if** credentials, image name are correctly set and [`NO_PUSH`](https://github.com/jupyterhub/repo2docker-action#optional-inputs) option is removed.

To enable pushing to the appropriate quay.io repository:

* edit lines 31 of [test.yaml](https://github.com/2i2c-org/hub-user-image-template/blob/MAIN/.github/workflows/test.yaml#L30-L31) and:
  * uncomment the `IMAGE_NAME` option
  * replace `<quay-username>/<repository-name>` with the info of the `quay.io` repository created at step 2
  * commit the changes you've made to `build.yaml`

> * **IF** you want to also push the image on Pull Request commits, then edit lines 27 of [test.yaml](https://github.com/2i2c-org/hub-user-image-template/blob/main/.github/workflows/test.yaml#L27) and remove the `NO_PUSH: "true"` line. This will disable verbose mode and allow the image being pushed to the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **IF** you want to also push the image on Pull Request commits, then edit lines 27 of [test.yaml](https://github.com/2i2c-org/hub-user-image-template/blob/main/.github/workflows/test.yaml#L27) and remove the `NO_PUSH: "true"` line. This will disable verbose mode and push the image to the registry instead.
```

> The [Optional Inputs](https://github.com/jupyterhub/repo2docker-action#optional-inputs) section in the [jupyterhub/repo2docker-action](https://github.com/jupyterhub/repo2docker-action) docs provides more details about the `NO_PUSH` option, but also additional inputs that can be passed to the repo2docker-action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Optional Inputs](https://github.com/jupyterhub/repo2docker-action#optional-inputs) section in the [jupyterhub/repo2docker-action](https://github.com/jupyterhub/repo2docker-action) docs provides more details about the `NO_PUSH` option, alongside additional inputs that can also be passed to the repo2docker-action.
```
